## Principal decisions and topics from the Mar. 26, 2024 Uptane Standards committee meeting

* Administrative details:
  * Jon will miss the apr. 9 meeting, phil will chair
  * Friday community meeting will still happen, GSoC deadline is Apr. 2

* Uptane June workshop:
  * Phil is still planning to set up the meeting schedule
  * Jon will contact Toradex marketing for support on scheduling/logistics

* 2.2.0 standard release: can we get CoSWID support in? We know what we want to do, and just need someone to implement it. Ira volunteers
* Aftermarket ECU updates questions: move it to 3.0
* Uptane workshop slides should be posted (2022 and 2023)
* Fix press page on new site

* Action items:
  * Jon: follow up with Drew about the swupdate bsp for GSoC project
  * Jon: contact Toradex marketing about the june workshop
  * Phil: set up recurring meeting for june uptane workshop planning

Attendees:

Yashovardan Bapat
Justin Cappos
Phil Lapczyinski
Ira McDonald
Marina Moore
Jon Oster
